Docker build command docs refresh (#4252)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/build.md

| `--cpuset-cpus`                     | `string`      |           | CPUs in which to allow execution (0-3, 0,1)                       |
| `--cpuset-mems`                     | `string`      |           | MEMs in which to allow execution (0-3, 0,1)                       |
| `--disable-content-trust`           |               |           | Skip image verification                                           |

> | [`-f`](#file), [`--file`](#file)    | `stringr `      |           | Name of the Dockerfile (Default is `PATH/Dockerfile`)             |

Reviewer: Accidental change here?

Author: ```suggestion
| [`-f`](#file), [`--file`](#file)    | `string`      |           | Name of the Dockerfile (Default is `PATH/Dockerfile`)             |
```

adding a `.dockerignore` file to that directory as well. For information on
creating one, see the [.dockerignore file](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#dockerignore-file).

If the Docker client loses connection to the daemon, it cancels the build.
This happens if you interrupt the Docker client with `CTRL-c` or if the Docker
client is killed for any reason. If the build initiated a pull which is still
running at the time the build is cancelled, the client also cancels the pull.

## Return code

On a successful build, the daemon returns a success code of `0`. When the
build fails, the daemon returns a non-zero failure code and return output

> about the reason for failure output to `STDERR`:

Reviewer: @ChrisChinchilla works for me! Some points not included in your last suggestion;

- the `daemon` -> `command` change
- `.. and return output ...` should be `.. and returns output ...` (there's also `the reason for failure output` in the same sentence which is a bit quirky) 
- ^^ perhaps keep-it-simple, and something like `.. and prints output about the failure on `STDERR`.

> On a successful build, the daemon returns a success code of `0`. When the
> build fails, the daemon returns a non-zero failure code and return output
> about the reason for failure output to `STDERR`:

Author: ```suggestion
On a successful build, the command returns a success code of `0`. When the
build fails, the command returns a non-zero failure code and returns output
about the reason for failure output to `STDERR`:
```

@thaJeztah Ah, sorry!

Removing intermediate container 02071fceb21b
```

This example specifies that the `PATH` is `.`, and so `tar`s all the files in the
local directory and sends them to the Docker daemon. The `PATH` specifies
where to find the files for the "context" of the build on the Docker daemon.
Remember that the daemon could be running on a remote machine and that no
parsing of the Dockerfile happens at the client side (where you're running

> `docker build`). That means that *all* the files at `PATH` are sent, not just

Reviewer: We still (separate from this PR) need to look at some of this; when using BuildKit, the daemon uses an session between the CLI and the daemon, and only requests files from the CLI / build context that it needs for the build (unlike the classic builder, which just tars the whole build-context)
